TCL A501DL: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Let's, um, let's assess
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio, video
Gwenevere Abriel: You in kind of a storeroom kind of place.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I'm at work right now, actually. Okay.
TCL A501DL: All right, let's see if we can go. Okay.
TCL A501DL: So if we get if I get if we get a vehicle. I'm gonna have to go and do whatever I do on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I tell me what that, what does that mean that
TCL A501DL: Means I'm gonna have to go to work on the vehicle. If we get we get one.
Gwenevere Abriel: How should I translate that to whether you're going to keep this appointment. What does that mean,
TCL A501DL: Oh, I'm not kidding. I'm keeping it right now because I call this just usually with the first hour of work. We're usually not too busy, but I'm saying, I'm just saying if we do get a vehicle. I'm gonna have to go
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't get it. You're. This is a 45 to 60 minute appointment. Are you going to be able to keep it.
TCL A501DL: For now, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, tell me how this work informs what we're doing today. What does that mean,
TCL A501DL: Oh, come again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's kind of what I'm saying, Come again like I don't understand what am I supposed to do with this new information about I need to work today. What does that mean, are you going to be here for 45 to 60 minutes
TCL A501DL: Oh, as long as we don't get busy. Yeah.
TCL A501DL: And I mean it looks pretty slow already. I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do I, how do I report this. I don't understand. So if you leave here. I say what he didn't create time
TCL A501DL: For his appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I, how do I, how do I put that in writing.
TCL A501DL: Oh no, I've created time for this appointment, because I'm doing it right now. I'm saying I'm worried
TCL A501DL: The appointment, a single right here at work and I'm gonna have to take care of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the appointment 15 minutes or is it 45 to
TCL A501DL: 6045 to 60
Are you going to keep that appointment.
TCL A501DL: More than likely, yeah.
TCL A501DL: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're you're you're in a unique situation where your how you have someone that sort of supervising what you're doing a lot of people don't have that some people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: If showing up was all it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you would just check in a virtual clinic. Right.
TCL A501DL: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this this treatment is 45 minutes to 60 minutes you'll either take that dose of treatment or you won't be taking the treatment as prescribed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's probably a hard thing to hear right
TCL A501DL: Now, I really I've heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um let you've got some kind of shelving behind you. I have a long day ahead of me. Let's see if we can prop this phone up so that I don't feel nauseous. You got some shelving.
Gwenevere Abriel: over to your right and see if it can prop me up over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Alright, cool. Um, how are you feeling around being in group as it's you've been in there. A couple times you noticing any a little bit more comfort anything changing in there for you.
TCL A501DL: I'm not really just kind of about the same exchange, but
TCL A501DL: It's actually kind of pretty cool. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you heard anything in there that you kind of relate to a little bit
TCL A501DL: Oh. Not yet. Not quite yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is the particular because each group is very different. There's different people, different stages of change people sort of getting, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Into their recovery process is there is the composition of the group. Are these people that you think that you could start to to trust and open up to a little bit over time.
TCL A501DL: Probably
TCL A501DL: Holding daddy is just going to take some time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might feel you might be one of the younger people in there. Does it seem like they're the age difference feels like it has an impact.
TCL A501DL: No, not really. I mean, I've never taken ages like something that's going to impact how I look at somebody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no ages and for you.
TCL A501DL: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool. Um, yeah, I'm trying to think. Here in that seven in the morning, who's in there that that group has a lot of people. It's a very open group, which means there'll be people in it and then you know we just start to get to know somebody and then, you know, they move to
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, a different group time or they've left out of state or something shifts in their schedule significantly. So there's a lot of flow in that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So for anyone who experiences like trust challenges and opening up this will be a real test for you because there'll be new faces and then we'll do an icebreaker and then you'll get to know them, then they'll be a new face. So it's a there'll be a constant flow in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. I hadn't
Gwenevere Abriel: I had an idea about a place that we could start today, but I'm open to hearing about maybe any changes that are going on at home any significant changes like anyone move into the house. That's new. Any personality changes going on.
TCL A501DL: And I really appreciate ality changes, but a fucked up Tuesday night.
TCL A501DL: Tell me where and God I went and got really drunk Tuesday night and
TCL A501DL: Yeah well dinning and too well.
TCL A501DL: And
TCL A501DL: Having please contact that night, too, but they let me go because they didn't have shit on me.
Okay.
TCL A501DL: I just that's been weighing on my mind because I was doing so fucking good. And then I slipped up
TCL A501DL: And that should happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happen that as well.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, my ears bad gonna have to be doing the hair flipping today.
TCL A501DL: Oh, no.
TCL A501DL: It's all good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This was Tuesday.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you drinking alone or someone come in town. You haven't seen in a while.
TCL A501DL: Oh no, I was just kicking it with some friends and decided to
TCL A501DL: Drink a couple beers and take a couple shots and I took one too many. And yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got fucked up.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, and yeah.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I got fucked up shit happened. And now I gotta
TCL A501DL: Yeah, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then, now I gotta. Was there anything that the police mentioned that has anything to do with your already being in a program anything with that or
TCL A501DL: Oh no, not really. They just kind of let me go and told me that they're going to talk to my PO and shit. And my P O called me yesterday and I went into the pitch test. And yeah, so far, everything's all right there, just
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Yesterday skeptical.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, how you doing so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking so fucking good. You said, I've been doing so fucking good. Right. That was the first appraisal.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this happened out of the blue.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, because, I mean, I was doing good things over. I was doing all the shit I need to do.
TCL A501DL: And then I just slipped appliances and this shit happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over here and let's see if this has any applicability. This is something I want to
Do
TCL A501DL: Today, anyway. So let's just see
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you got helicopter about that place ears. Up, up, up, up, up, up, up.
TCL A501DL: Know the air compressor just picked on it scared the shit out of me. I forgot there's an air compressor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Landed on your head.
TCL A501DL: I'll turn off in about a minute or two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright. Well, look at this activity is a reading one anyway. So, it introduces some kind of cool concepts that you're going to hear a lot in group. You'll hear a lot when I'm talking
Gwenevere Abriel: To you about the difference between the attic voice.
TCL A501DL: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Your authentic self. So these are terms that will be useful in future conversation. So I'm going to share the screen with you and we'll do this together. Okay.
TCL A501DL: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a really informal way to have a discussion around three concepts. The first concept.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is recovery mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: So although I haven't defined it in here. You kind of pick up on it, but I'll give a basic understanding so recovery mindset is the authentic self. You
Gwenevere Abriel: That wants you to get into maybe maybe the Navy, the one that wants to finish what you start the one that probably wants health, happiness, whatever it is that you kind of idealize is health recovery mindset, you're honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're industrious you keep your promises. You're in a recovery mindset. So that's what that is. And then there's this concept in active addiction, so
Gwenevere Abriel: When one
Gwenevere Abriel: Is in active addiction where omitting you know that word, right. We don't tell the whole truth, and nothing but the truth that one, you kind of hold them back so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, some pretty important details. So there's that. There's straight up line straight up stealing when we're in active edition will do anything to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't own responsibility, accountability and we're probably at times, either already using or pretty much setting our life up or a slip
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay that's active addiction, you don't actually have to be using the substance like alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or another drug to be in an active addiction mindset. You can be in it and still not using the mood altering substance, but you're just about to. You might be three months away. You might be a year away, but you're setting yourself up. Then there's this one. Look at the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this has not this one chemical dependence has nothing to do with a moral compass of lying. This has to do with neuro transmitters has to do with withdrawal as to do a physiological
Gwenevere Abriel: Dependence okay so this one kind of has that deviation deviation from our moral code. This one we're following our moral code is when we're deviating from our moral code. This one has nothing to do with moral code at all. This is our physiology.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready, set,
TCL A501DL: Yeah, go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it.
TCL A501DL: Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. Number one,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you read that, or is it too tiny
TCL A501DL: I can read it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's read it out loud. Let me hear you.
TCL A501DL: Oh, I told my supervisor that my son was sick when I really needed a few hours in the morning to score dope because was dope tick. I was astonished, in order to avoid the responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think's going on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be multiple things.
TCL A501DL: For me personally,
Gwenevere Abriel: James
TCL A501DL: Recovering mindset because I'm still at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So James, look at this question ready
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to answer. A, B, or C. So you read this, this is you see I you read that I told my supervisor and in this scenario, you have a son.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: So read it again, as if it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I told my supervisor that my son was sick, we
TCL A501DL: Gotta say, See, see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how, how is it that
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are in a recovery mindset when you are being see the red underlying
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the red underlined words during
TCL A501DL: Recovery minds around here, where
TCL A501DL: We're going to try again. Kelly's here at work and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we got it we got to do. Full stop. Full stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do it again. You ever done a word problem before and you answer the word problems, it's got nothing to do with your work, James, read, read, read, read the question again. Ready.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So read this. Read it again. This is your scenario. What's going on in this scenario. Read it again.
TCL A501DL: I told my supervisor that my son was sick when in reality I needed a few hours in the morning score dope, because I was dope sick. I was dish honest and avoid responsibility.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look at your choices. Do you think you're in look at it as what
TCL A501DL: Chemical Dependency
Gwenevere Abriel: Or be
TCL A501DL: In active addiction. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a hint. It's in red. And it's underlined. That's what's going on. So if this is going on if dishonesty is going on. What do you think you're in. Are you in
A
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're being dishonest. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: So does do mine neurology.
Gwenevere Abriel: To my neuro transmitters have anything to do
Gwenevere Abriel: To my neuro transmitters have anything to do with right or wrong.
TCL A501DL: No, not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what your definition of chemical dependency is
TCL A501DL: When you need it, or when you're sick, like I said,
TCL A501DL: Any need that baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it has to do with being dishonest.
TCL A501DL: Because you'll do anything that that point to get that fixed, but also says that he was sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. But notice how I gave the reader the dope sick. You're right. So if it was, if we were just looking at dope sick. It would be chemical dependence that is 100% on point.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm steering the reader to focus somewhere else. Where am I steering the reader to focus on in here.
TCL A501DL: This honesty. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the neuro transmitter doesn't decide whether you're going to be honest to someone, or just honest, it's just like, I'm going to give you the shakes. I'm going to make you sweat. I'm going to give you leg cramps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm going to make you depressed. It has nothing to do with right or wrong. So let's go back up here. If you're being dishonest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you in behaviors of active addiction or in recovery mindset.
TCL A501DL: Be bait.
Gwenevere Abriel: took us a while to get there. Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so dishonesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a very common part of being in right listening to the addict voice inside of us. Like, come on, man. It's just a beer. You can have just one worry about these your friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing that we won't get caught. Don't worry about it. That is the addicts mindset. It's right. It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not in health, happiness, long term. It's in short term, let me just feel good now. Okay, that one took us a while to see how we do on the next one, do the same exact thing. Notice that I give really
Gwenevere Abriel: Clear hints on where to focus and sometimes it is a dual answer, but this is getting your brain really working today. So if I hadn't read the SEC. Second one.
TCL A501DL: Fight with my husband last night over something. So some little some some little thing. I made a little misunderstanding into a big argument. So I would have come to be away from him. I was isolating myself because I need to drive to my dealers apartment to score drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think's going on in that one.
TCL A501DL: Year, a
Gwenevere Abriel: How about this chemical dependence. Does it tell you to hang out in your room, or does it just make you sweat or throw up. What does it have to do with use picking a fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that you can be alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a pretty panic. Yeah, it's be
Gwenevere Abriel: Isolating I think you just said, See right now.
TCL A501DL: No, I said beer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Isolating if I want to. If I want to drink if I want a drug.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm embarrassed or I'm working in recovery program and I don't want my in this scenario, a wife or husband to know
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to pick a fight so they think I'm just blowing off steam. But really, I went to my dealers to score and isolating I'm being manipulated, you know, I'm doing a lot of things I'm being manipulative
Gwenevere Abriel: And I and isolating so I don't get caught. This is definitely active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dishonesty isolating
Gwenevere Abriel: Active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's keep going. You're going to get the group here pretty soon you're going to be like be able to teach these concepts. All right. Third one what you got.
TCL A501DL: Whoa, I kept having to use more and more pain pills in order to
TCL A501DL: In order to get relief from the pain in my back. I mean, the pain in my neck. I built a physical tolerance to the chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now
What's that, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, so tolerance is a physiological experience and I said tolerance means you need more and more. So for example, you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't get a buzz a higher intoxication probably any more from a half a glass of beer. You now need three shots.
Gwenevere Abriel: And four beers. That's tolerance. We taught, we have, we need more and more and more. That's a part of chemical dependence that has nothing to do with a moral
Gwenevere Abriel: Decision. That's just your body saying you need more in order to experience euphoria period you got no say on that, you know, you used to be a cheat day he was one beer would do it for you. Now it takes to six packs. Okay, that's tolerance. I got nothing to do with morals.
TCL A501DL: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's physiology. You didn't say, hey, I want to need more. It just happened because you were drinking and then it built up tolerance that's chemical dependence. Next one. Let's try for
TCL A501DL: All right.
TCL A501DL: I had to do.
TCL A501DL: That was from alcohol and alcohol is not my trade to drug. I am in denial that mood altering substances negatively affecting my life.
TCL A501DL: I gotta say a
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you have to say.
TCL A501DL: Cuz I mean it sounds fucking denying get to the to the fullest.
TCL A501DL: Actually fit in in addiction.
TCL A501DL: In active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you got it. That's right. Be there's look now that we're starting to see a pattern so active addiction includes
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of. Sort of this deviating from our morals are moral compass. I got denial that Amy. I don't really have a problem. I'm going to sit here and I'm gonna drink on my own. I don't need anybody know my business. I'm hiding and isolating and I'm not being honest with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dishonest isolating denial
TCL A501DL: Part of active. Yeah, okay.
Number five.
TCL A501DL: To a two hour lunch with my granddad and had a heart to heart talk with him telling him how I pretended like you need money to pay for a down payment on an apartment. When I really spent it on a trip to party to party and get high. And I am sharing how I acted outside
TCL A501DL: Outside of my core values and morals. I'm starting to make amends repair relationships to those I have armed the see recovery mindset. Beautiful. Number six.
TCL A501DL: I just over eight a party. Whoo. I just over eight at a party, often
TCL A501DL: Truth often eat my feelings by the
TCL A501DL: Office party eating my civilians by eating sugary or salty foods after not sharing my opinion with my supervisor about how she could make the
TCL A501DL: Project work better for everyone. I repressed kept secrets. My true feelings in was passive rather than a search searches and communication. My out communicating my auction opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opinion.
Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So communicating my opinions, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm noticing as you're reading
Though
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's something I might want to explore later with you because I know you were talking about doing some testing to prepare you to, you know, get in to where you want to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm noticing you're skipping important words. So I don't know if that's just part of like how you're feeling today, Thursday, from what happened on Tuesday, or if this is kind of what you do but it's an interesting thing to see your you skip important words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know whether that's part of like a long term piece of how you read. Yeah, it might make testing difficult, but we'll talk about that later. Let's let me stay focused. Here we go for the key word here is repressed aka
TCL A501DL: kept secret.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I ate my feeling so I ate. I went to the office party.
salted
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I doing, what are you doing in this scenario.
TCL A501DL: Repressed be yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Repression
Gwenevere Abriel: Denial isolation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And dishonesty are very common behaviors of active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number seven.
TCL A501DL: Yeah.
TCL A501DL: Oh wow $6 to check in for Terry was my motto is your problems you messed up. Yeah.
TCL A501DL: I had to go in and I have mad mode. Forgot your gloves were you
TCL A501DL: Born I wash my hands in the bodily fluids come in and open workspaces that are probably
TCL A501DL: You want you can have no gloves on. One was you wash your hands with you don't do shit for you touch your mouth.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, but it's the open mouth and the OpenID. That's the problem. When you're talking to people that just
TCL A501DL: Human gates in the air. You know I'm saying, yeah, I got you.
TCL A501DL: And that's the gloves. I use. I just fucking play take them off my back pocket. I'm not exactly throwing them away.
TCL A501DL: Lovely.
TCL A501DL: During dinner and religion. It had been two days since I last use heroin.
TCL A501DL: I am aware that I'm still withdrawing from using heroin daily for the last year, I think this filling will pass. I will not die. I can survive through the discomfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Read that last sentence. One more time. Hey, yeah.
TCL A501DL: I think to myself distilling will pass. I will not die. I can survive through this through the deck this country. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in
TCL A501DL: Your recovery recovery one shirt.
Gwenevere Abriel: That last sentence is hot. Right. Absolutely. And it's this, the feeling will pass that is definitely does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What about the red word. What do you think that one goes with
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're in deep
TCL A501DL: Chemical Dependency
Gwenevere Abriel: Bam. You got it. Perfect. Number eight.
TCL A501DL: I felt nauseous last night. It was sweating during dinner and realized it had been two days since I last use heroin. I'm aware that I am still withdrawing from heroin daily for the last year, I think to myself, lately always
TCL A501DL: Pass. I'm
TCL A501DL: Going to die. I can't survive through this
Gwenevere Abriel: Site and read this, please read this part again slow down a little bit.
TCL A501DL: I think to myself, I think to myself,
TCL A501DL: This feeling won't pass. I am going to die. I can't survive through this this concert. Where did my cousin play his secret stash.
TCL A501DL: Kevin chemical dependency dependency.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Hello. What do you think that is
TCL A501DL: Yes.
TCL A501DL: In an active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Perfect. What about the red
Gwenevere Abriel: What's drawing
TCL A501DL: Red Yeah chemical dependency.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it. Perfect. Number nine.
TCL A501DL: Oh, my friend hints that I have been late over the last, the last three months about 10 times. But I quickly tell myself, my boss is a jerk and everyone there is lazy. I do more of the heavy lifting than anyone else. I am a rationalization.
TCL A501DL: I am rationalizing excuses to myself.
TCL A501DL: rationalizing to to myself, rather than holding myself accountable for my actions or inactions I alone and truly responsible for my behavior.
Is that
TCL A501DL: The
TCL A501DL: Recovery recovery mindset. Yeah. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuff above though when you're, you know, when you're doing this, but I tell my boss is a jerk and everyone there is lazy.
TCL A501DL: Night. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that one. Yeah, this is like super combo one. This one's got both active addiction at the top and then at the bottom. When I own I alone and responsible for my own behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. It's both starts off up here, active addiction and then we shift gears down to recovery mindset nicely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Done. Yeah, last one. Let's do this last one. You've got it.
TCL A501DL: Yeah, that's what I confuse me
Gwenevere Abriel: You did great.
TCL A501DL: I caught myself again yesterday, thinking about the money out of my sister. Thank you. And
TCL A501DL: All my sister and how I let my sister down by not paying her back. She really needed the money for her own kids. I felt
TCL A501DL: Ashamed and could not stand feeling ashamed yesterday, but then I remembered to replace the shame thinking with healthy account and Bill ability with the saw. I am not my bad behaviors.
TCL A501DL: I can be guilty of behavior and still be a good person. I am shifting away from toxic shame replacing it with the guilt that I learned from learn from
TCL A501DL: Yeah, or recovering mindset mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, all nicely done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I just immerse you in in three
Gwenevere Abriel: Really yeah really three important concepts.
Gwenevere Abriel: That our physiology. Our brain has a chemical response. It has tolerance, it has withdrawal. You know when you're hung over. You know when you don't have the alcohol you because you didn't took too much up here. And then the next day you're miserable. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a chemical response. It's not like you said, you know what tomorrow. I want to feel like shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: That just happens without your consent.
TCL A501DL: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's chemical
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the other stuff is is you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's you making a decision. Well, I keep my promises. Am I okay to tell people like you did today when you came in here and you said that you you drank that was a decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: To Own it to not sit in guilt or shame to own it. And that was really smart because what that does to the addict inside. Is it says
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't stay in shame about it or embarrassment any that I got to own it, because that's what this program is for. So that was nicely done. Let's review. I know you want to go about your day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's review our next appointment went, what do you have for your next group.
Gwenevere Abriel: When's your next group.
James
TCL A501DL: Hi. Alright you froze on me and then disappeared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we had an internet issue, I guess so. When's your next group. What do you have written down. Notice
TCL A501DL: My next group is next Tuesday seven and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when's your next individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: NEXT GROUP IS NEXT TUESDAY at 7am very nice please transcribe and then
Gwenevere Abriel: When's your next individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Individual therapy am April night next group April seven 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: This internet connection or Wi Fi connection disconnected him several times at the end of session client presented with
Gwenevere Abriel: Irritable
Gwenevere Abriel: Challenging attitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client acknowledges confirmation of appointments via text.
Gwenevere Abriel: At 8:47am quote. Alright, cool. I'm sorry about it, cutting out and quote
Gwenevere Abriel: Client confirms 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know what do you think if he confirms that we'll talk later about that. All right.